[build] Enable MSCCLPP on request (#1879)
ROCm/rccl: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for RCCL is available at [https://rccl.readthedocs.io](https://rccl.readthedocs.io)

## Unreleased - RCCL 2.26.6 for ROCm 7.1.0

> ### Resolved issues

Reviewer: Please move the "Resolved issues" header beneath "Changed".

### Changed

> * The default build option of `--disable-mscclpp` is changed to `--enable-mscclpp` in the `rccl/install.sh` script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The MSCCL++ feature is now disabled by default. The `--disable-mscclpp` build flag is replaced with `--enable-mscclpp` in the `rccl/install.sh` script.
```
I recommend to document in terms of the feature rather than the flag directly.

### Changed

> * Default build option of --disable-mscclpp changed to --enable-mscclpp in rccl/install.sh script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default build option of `--disable-mscclpp` is changed to `--enable-mscclpp` in the `rccl/install.sh` script.
```
